---
title: "Services"
---

# Anatomy of a service µSpec
The µService specs are regular yaml files.

The “service-object” contains 5 fields. 
The fields name, package and methods are mandatory, the field target and description is optional and autogenerated when ommited.

You can have as many service definitions per file as you want. It makes sense that you put types in a file, that belongs togehter.

{{< hint danger >}}
The field **methods** in µServcies will translate to **services** in the standard notation for compatibility reasons, 
because the standard notation is some years old and changing this would be a breaking change we do not want to do at the moment.
{{< /hint >}}

```yaml
- name: FruitService
  description: Fruits are healthy, so having a service which can list some fruits would be nice.
  package: fruit
  target: fruit_service.proto
  methods:
    - md: 'ListFruits: GET /fruits google.protobuf.Empty , fruit.FruitCollection #Filterable and searchable list of fruits with pagination.'
      qp:
        q: 'string #Use this to search for a fruit.'
        filter: 'string #Use this field to filter the fruits, this is not searching.'
        order_by: 'string #Use this field to specify the ordering.'
        page: 'string #Use this field to specify page to display.'
```


## The Name
The name of the Service. Visit the [style guide](/docs/overview/style_guide/) for good naming. Can not contain spaces.

## The Description
Describe the intention of your service in some sentences. You can ommit this field. Furo will add a default description "developer was to lazy to give a description".

## The Package
Define the package, this service belongs too.

## The Target
The target proto file for the generated proto. Furo can not generate proto files which mixes types and services.

## The Method definition
The method defiton is made like the type line in µTypes
```yaml
methods:
- md: 'GetFruit: GET /fruits/{frt} google.protobuf.Empty , fruit.FruitCollection #Filterable list of fruits.'
   ^   !______!^ !__! !_____!!__!  !___________________! ^ !___________________! ^!________________________!
   |       |   |   |     |     |            |            |           |           |              |
this means |   |   |     |     |      the request type   |           |           |              |
  Method   |   |   |     |   placeholder                 |   the response type   |              |
 Definiton |   |   |   the URL                           |                       |           description
      method name  |                                  a comma                    |
               the http verb                                            (#) is a separator, indicating the
               |                                                            beginning of the description         
               |
         (:) is just a separator

```
### The Method Name
The method name should follow the naming conventions from the [google api design guide](https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/standard_methods).
Default names are (with fruit as example) 
- *ListFruits* with a verb *GET* to receive a list of fruits
- *GetFruit* with a verb *GET* and an identifier placeholder to get a single record
- *UpdateFruit* with a verb *PUT* or PATCH and an identifier placeholder to update a single record
- *CreateFruit* with a verb *POST* to create a single record
- *DeleteFruit* with a verb *DELETE* and an identifier placeholder to delete a single record
- *DeleteAllFruits* with a verb *DELETE* to delete all records on this path
- *CustomMethod* with a verb *POST* to do custom stuff that does not fit in the other methods. Uses always a POST.

### The HTTP Verb
Use the standard Http verbs (GET, PUT, PATCH, POST, DELETE) according to the idempotency, except on custom methods, they should always use POST.

### The URL with Placeholder
Usualy the path part is a noun in plural form. Use singular nouns only on singleton ressources.
Do **not** append a prefix like */api* to your paths. Use **/fruits**.

{{< hint warning >}}
TIPP: Assume that your API is a host by its own. So you will address it with **api.xy.com/fruits**.
Having *api.xy.com/api/fruits* will look strange in that moment.

Adding prefixes can be done by infrastructure. The furo client libs also have the posibillity to prefix your specs according
to the situation.
{{< /hint >}}

{{< hint danger >}}
You will loose portability capabilities when you prefix your paths.
{{< /hint >}}

### The Request Type
On [GET requests](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#section-9.3) you can not send a body, therfore you will put a google.protobuf.Empty type here.
On [DELETE requests](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#section-9.7) you can not send a body, therfore you will put a google.protobuf.Empty type here.
On the other verbs, set the type to one of the types in your project specs or installed specs. 

### The Response Type
Usualy you should use a entity or collection type as response (this is what the client libs loves to work with). 
But you are free to define any response type as long all participants on client and server side know it. 
 

### Description
Again, descriptions are always optional, but strongly recomended to fill in. They will apear in every generate and can
give good hints to the devs who have to implement the specs.

## The Query Params
Methods can have query params as part of the URL path (placeholders) and as [query part](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2616#section-3.2.2).

{{< hint info >}}
TIPP: be lazy and just write your `/paths/with/{phdr}/fruits/{frt}`.

Then run `furo muSrvSanitize`. 

This will add the missing query params to your spec with a default description.
{{< /hint >}}

```yaml
  qp: <--- this means QueryParams
    q: 'string #Use this to search for a fruit.'
    ^  !_____! !______________________________!
    |     |                |
    |    type           description   
    |
   the name of the query param

```

### The Query Param Name
The name must match with the used placeholders for the path part. [Query params](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-3.4) should fullfill the RFC3986. 
Otherwise you risk to never receive the param on the server side.

### The Query Param Type
The type is mostly a string. You can use any type which is url safe. 

### The Query Param Description
Ceterum censeo, descriptions are useful information.

## Custom Methods in Detail
todo: write something about that.