docs/furo/content/docs/commands/_index.md, before:

---
weight: 22
title: "Commands"
bookCollapseSection: true
---
## furo

The furo spec toolkit 1.21.2

### Synopsis

Furo contains helpful generators, converters, sanitizer for the furo specs.
Read more about the single commands in the see also section below.

Calling furo without any arguments and flags will run the flow runner with the default flow.
Modify your default flow in the .furo config file to your needs. You can set any of the sub commands as default.

> Note: Environment variables are prefixed with **FST**.
>
> To set the specformat with the environment variable use **FST_SPECFORMAT=value**


```
furo [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --config string   config file (default is CWD/.furo.yaml)
  -h, --help            help for furo
```

### SEE ALSO

* [furo checkImports](furo_checkImports.md)	 - Checks and correct the imports
* [furo exportAsYaml](furo_exportAsYaml.md)	 - Exports all specs and the current config in one yaml file to stdout
* [furo genEsModule](furo_genEsModule.md)	 - generate es6 spec module
* [furo genMessageProtos](furo_genMessageProtos.md)	 - Generate the message protos from the type specs.
* [furo genServiceProtos](furo_genServiceProtos.md)	 - Generate service protos from the specs
* [furo install](furo_install.md)	 - Installs the dependencies
* [furo muSpec2Spec](furo_muSpec2Spec.md)	 - Updates the type specs with the definitions from the type µSpecs.
* [furo muSrvSanitize](furo_muSrvSanitize.md)	 - Sanitize muServices
* [furo run](furo_run.md)	 - Runs a configured flow.
* [furo spec2muSpec](furo_spec2muSpec.md)	 - A brief description of your command


###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 23-Oct-2020

Commit message:

docs: init, muSpec2Spec, chekImports

docs/furo/content/docs/commands/_index.md, after:

---
weight: 22
title: "Commands"
bookCollapseSection: true
---
## Furo commands

Calling furo without any arguments and flags will run the flow runner with the default flow.


### Options

```
      --config string   config file (default is CWD/.furo)
  -h, --help            help for furo
      --version         shows the version number of the current installation
```

### SEE ALSO

* [furo init](furo_init.md)	 - Initializes a furo spec project
* [furo checkImports](furo_checkImports.md)	 - Checks and correct the imports
* [furo exportAsYaml](furo_exportAsYaml.md)	 - Exports all specs and the current config in one yaml file to stdout
* [furo genEsModule](furo_genEsModule.md)	 - generate es6 spec module
* [furo genMessageProtos](furo_genMessageProtos.md)	 - Generate the message protos from the type specs.
* [furo genServiceProtos](furo_genServiceProtos.md)	 - Generate service protos from the specs
* [furo install](furo_install.md)	 - Installs the dependencies
* [furo muSpec2Spec](furo_muSpec2Spec.md)	 - Updates the type specs with the definitions from the type µSpecs.
* [furo muSrvSanitize](furo_muSrvSanitize.md)	 - Sanitize muServices
* [furo run](furo_run.md)	 - Runs a configured flow.
* [furo spec2muSpec](furo_spec2muSpec.md)	 - A brief description of your command


###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 23-Oct-2020
